0217 improve frame too large logging context (#12530)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/fix-12530.en.md

> Enhanced `frame_too_large` and malformed CONNECT packet parse failures to include more information to help troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enhanced `frame_too_large` and malformed CONNECT packet error logs to include more information to help troubleshooting.
```

Otherwise it may sound like the PR has improved _failures_.

Author: thanks. will fix in the next commit to come
